README.md, before:


# ✨ The Reading Nook

The Reading Nook is a blog website created for a course assignment. 

The objective was to use at least four technologies and/or languages covered in class up to that point in time: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, databases. 

This simple blog was created from scratch in order to gain experience and understanding of each of the above topics covered.

### 🔧 Work in Progress
Currently experimenting with and working on improving my GitHub repos and their respective ReadMe files to become better at documenting  :)

## 📸 Screenshots
<img src="https://github.com/ImGladieToMeetYou/BookBlog/blob/main/Images/README/BookBlog1.png" alt="Description" width="500" height="300"/>
<img src="https://github.com/ImGladieToMeetYou/BookBlog/blob/main/Images/README/BookBlog2.png" alt="Description" width="500" height="300"/>

## 🕹 Tech Stack

**IDE:** Visual Studio Code

**Client:** HTML, CSS

**Database:** MySQL via phpMyAdmin

**Server:** PHP

## 📝 Optimizations

Optimizations made in the code? E.g. refactors, performance improvements, accessibility, etc.

Future improvements
- [ ]   Upload and save images to database
- [ ]   Upate website to most recent blog/image saved
- [ ]   Fix SQL injection vulnerability in the update script (e.g. enter any book or author with an apostrophe in it.)

## 🧩 Version Control

***initial commit*** - assignment submission uploaded to GitHub

See CHANGELOG.md for further version updates to the project.

Commit message:

Added in Optimization: 'mini menu' item for improvement

README.md, after:


# ✨ The Reading Nook

The Reading Nook is a blog website created for a course assignment. 

The objective was to use at least four technologies and/or languages covered in class up to that point in time: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, databases. 

This simple blog was created from scratch in order to gain experience and understanding of each of the above topics covered.

### 🔧 Work in Progress
Currently experimenting with and working on improving my GitHub repos and their respective ReadMe files to become better at documenting  :)

## 📸 Screenshots
<img src="https://github.com/ImGladieToMeetYou/BookBlog/blob/main/Images/README/BookBlog1.png" alt="Description" width="500" height="300"/>
<img src="https://github.com/ImGladieToMeetYou/BookBlog/blob/main/Images/README/BookBlog2.png" alt="Description" width="500" height="300"/>

## 🕹 Tech Stack

**IDE:** Visual Studio Code

**Client:** HTML, CSS

**Database:** MySQL via phpMyAdmin

**Server:** PHP

## 📝 Optimizations

Optimizations made in the code? E.g. refactors, performance improvements, accessibility, etc.

Future improvements
- [ ]   Upload and save images to database
- [ ]   Upate website to most recent blog/image saved
- [ ]   Fix SQL injection vulnerability in the update script (e.g. enter any book or author with an apostrophe in it.)
- [ ]   Working links in mini menu

## 🧩 Version Control

***initial commit*** was the assignment submission and recently uploaded to GitHub

See CHANGELOG.md for further version updates to the project.
